There are of course a few different ways you could go about that question.
One possible approach is as follows.
You take a look at the most popular pages and their engagement metrics.
First and foremost, I'm going to check out the bounce rates.
If visitors are bouncing,
I'm clearly not engaging them.
So, that's something to worry about.
Overall, these bounce rates don't look too bad,
but among the top 10 pages,
there are two pages I believe could do better.
First, the store page.
It has a relatively high bounce rate.
But for the people who do make it pass the landing page,
it looks like the sessions are typically long
as the average session duration is over three minutes.
So, this page may be a good candidate to further evaluate.
Unfortunately, we can't see the actual page based on the data here,
but let's assume that your colleagues at Google would know.
Second, the page that carries YouTube branded
merchandisers also performing a bit below par.
So, this page deserves some attention too.
So, those would be the two pages you could suggest looking at first.
There's one other approach that I would like to show you.
It takes a bit of a higher level view of the landing pages.
You can decide to group the pages by category.
We've done this in advance here.
This is the report for the landing pages by product category.
When I look at the bounce rates now,
there's one content category that's clearly standing out, electronics.
This is a high bounce rate of over 60 percent.
That's interesting information as it shows me that something makes people come to
pages in the electronics product category and then leave again immediately.
Let's take a look at this main electronics page.